# CS-340
Client/Server Development
1. How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
> I write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by developing code that contains meaningful comments, standard naming conventions, and small, distinct functions. This approach is advantageous because it makes the code readily reusable for future projects. The CRUD Python module, for example, can be used for the development of future applications that require communication with backend systems, such as e-commerce or personal finance software.
2. How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
> I approach problems using a methodical process that focuses on breaking down the problem into manageable subparts and understanding the subparts in order to design, implement, and test a solution. My approach to this project differed from previous assignments because I was required to develop solutions for both frontend and backend systems for the first time. Breaking down this problem into subparts was a very helpful step to creating a database that interfaced with the frontend system. In the future, I would also ensure that I communicate with stakeholders and interview users to fully understand software problems and develop database solutions that meets the client requests
3. What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
> Computer scientists study, design, and develop algorithms and programs to solve a variety of problems. My work on this project would help companies like Grazioso Salvare do their work better by developing software that features an optimized database with efficient data retrieval, along with a user-friendly interface that offers data visualization. These technical features would allow companies to better view and analyze complex data.
